fix: remove cosine similarity field with false assignment (#835)
docarray/docarray: docs/advanced/document-store/elasticsearch.md

prices must follow a filter. As an example, let's consider that retrieved documents must have `price` value lower
or equal than `max_price`. We can encode this information in ElasticSearch using `filter = {'range': {'price': {'lte': max_price}}}`.

> Then the search with the proposed filter can be implemented and used with the following code. Note: For Elasticsearch, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'score'`.

Reviewer: There is a different way to append `notes`. @JohannesMessner please suggest

> Then the search with the proposed filter can be implemented and used with the following code. Also, it is noted, that for Elasticsearch, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'score'`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then the search with the proposed filter can be implemented and used with the following code. Note: For Elasticsearch, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'score'`.
```
